---
title: Blog 4
layout: post
author: joseph.maynard
permalink: /blog-4/
source-id: 1n74zYY9p_s1mw7dGfKOCFxi9_NYU0u8SW0F7dsH4Z6w
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>29/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We started learning about ASCII and UNICODE</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a basic understanding of the two codes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>I mostly had an idea of what I was doing</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I had to use persevering skills to find a decent image of a table of ASCII and normal text. For some reason that took a long time. Realistically it shouldn't take more than a minute. I found the UNICODE table images pretty easily and quickly. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>I was questioning whether google images actually had these images. For a world renown web browser, I believe that it should not take as long as it took.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I was very independent this lesson because in previous lessons, I had been distracted by the people around me. Independence did me the world of good as I got a lot more work done in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I reflected a small bit at the end of the lesson and found that I could’ve got a bit more done.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I was very engaged in the lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Things that could have gone better in my learning. Hmmmm, a very tricky one, just joking, one thing that could have gone better is the amount of work completed. My excuse is that I had to leave the IT lesson about ASCII and UNICODE nearly twenty minutes earlier than the lesson finish time due to a football match.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The changes that can be made are to concentrate more in the lesson and hope that I do not have a football match for the B team.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


