---
title: Blog 1
layout: post
author: joseph.maynard
permalink: /blog-1/
source-id: 122wUV0yxQ69m3Gb3TytpUxsrWBBBHSf4TY4a5gZVy2o
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>First Blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


6

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>No repository, a blank space</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get my blog up and running and start designing it</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I had to persevere a lot because I was trying to find a suitable background for a school blog. I had to search for a long time before I found a jpg image which is what you need for a background.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>To be honest, I questioned google images for a long time and wondered if they even had jpg or png images. After many cups of tea (each drank in about five minutes) I found one that could work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>I did everything by myself, except maybe the tea, even though it was quite challenging.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I feel like I was fully engaged in the lesson and the homework.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I feel like if I had asked someone how to find a jpg or a png image, I could've worked a bit speedier. We didn’t have a lot of lesson time so i had to do a lot of work completely by myself, meaning I could’ve asked someone at home as well.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to improve on speed and accuracy in my typing, to be able to find things quicker. I can reflect on this first week and say that I spent too long finding images and not enough on oter basic things in github.
I hope you have enjoyed my first blog! :)</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


